Fixes app enablement and solutions (#1604)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/now-possible-to-pick-fragment-and-series-in-datapoint-library.md

---
date: 2023-12-06T11:28:20.356Z

> title: Now possible to pick fragment and series in datapoint library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fragment and series selection from existing data point
```

change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
product_area:
  - value: product_area-eC7h0SiQ2b
    label: Application enablement & solutions
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
technical_component:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
jira: MTM-52704
version: 10.18.63.0
---

> In the datapoint library, it is now possible to pick fragment and series from an existing datapoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the data point library, it is now possible to pick fragment and series from an existing data point.
```
